README.md, before:

# GPT-4o CG Exam Question Demo

This project is a demonstration of how to use the GPT-4o model to generate Python code with Plotly for computer graphics (CG) exam questions. The generated code visualizes the scenario described in the questions and outputs the result as an HTML file.

## Description

In this demo, the GPT-4o model is used to generate executable Python code based on computer graphics questions, specifically focusing on visualization tasks using Plotly. The generated code is self-contained and capable of producing 3D visualizations, which are saved as HTML files. This approach automates the process of generating code from exam-style questions and executing them to produce the desired visual output.

## Process Overview

1. **Input CG Exam Question**: The user provides a CG-related question, often from past exam papers.
2. **GPT-4o Code Generation**: The GPT-4o model generates a Python script using Plotly that visualizes the scenario described in the question.
3. **Execution**: The generated code is executed in a conda environment (`lm-eval`) and the output is saved as an HTML file.
4. **Result**: The HTML file can be opened in a browser to view the 3D visualization.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Conda environment (`lm-eval`) with the following packages:
  - `numpy`
  - `plotly`
- GPT-4o model access through OpenAI API

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/zxia545/uoa-llm-cg-gen.git
   cd uoa-llm-cg-gen
   ```
2. Set up the Conda environment:

   ```bash
   conda create -n lm-eval python=3.8 numpy plotly
   conda activate lm-eval
   ```
3. Add your OpenAI API key to your environment:

   ```bash
   export OPENAI_API_KEY="your_openai_api_key"
   ```
4. Run the demo:

   ```bash
   python demo.py
   ```

## How It Works

- The `process_question` function takes a computer graphics exam question and generates the corresponding Python code.
- The code is executed, and the output is saved as an HTML file, which can be opened to view the 3D visualization generated using Plotly.

## Example Questions

1. **Question 1**: Project the shadow of a point on a plane using a light source.
2. **Question 2**: Find the value of a parameter for which a ray is parallel to a plane.

The demo will generate and execute Plotly-based Python scripts for these questions.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Add requirements and update readme

README.md, after:

# GPT-4o CG Exam Question Demo

This project is a demonstration of how to use the GPT-4o model to generate Python code with Plotly for computer graphics (CG) exam questions. The generated code visualizes the scenario described in the questions and outputs the result as an HTML file.

## Description

In this demo, the GPT-4o model is used to generate executable Python code based on computer graphics questions, specifically focusing on visualization tasks using Plotly. The generated code is self-contained and capable of producing 3D visualizations, which are saved as HTML files. This approach automates the process of generating code from exam-style questions and executing them to produce the desired visual output.

## Process Overview

1. **Input CG Exam Question**: The user provides a CG-related question, often from past exam papers.
2. **GPT-4o Code Generation**: The GPT-4o model generates a Python script using Plotly that visualizes the scenario described in the question.
3. **Execution**: The generated code is executed in a conda environment (`lm-eval`) and the output is saved as an HTML file.
4. **Result**: The HTML file can be opened in a browser to view the 3D visualization.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- A Conda environment (`lm-eval`) with the following dependencies:
  - `numpy`
  - `plotly`
  - `openai`
- GPT-4o model access through OpenAI API

Alternatively, the required dependencies can be installed using the provided `requirements.txt`:

### Using `requirements.txt`

1. Install the dependencies by running:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/zxia545/uoa-llm-cg-gen.git
   cd uoa-llm-cg-gen
   ```
2. Set up the Conda environment:

   ```bash
   conda create -n lm-eval python=3.10
   conda activate lm-eval
   ```
3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Add your OpenAI API key to your environment:

   ```bash
   export OPENAI_API_KEY="your_openai_api_key"
   ```
5. Run the demo:

   ```bash
   python demo.py
   ```

## How It Works

- The `process_question` function takes a computer graphics exam question and generates the corresponding Python code.
- The code is executed, and the output is saved as an HTML file, which can be opened to view the 3D visualization generated using Plotly.

## Example Questions

1. **Question 1**: Project the shadow of a point on a plane using a light source.
2. **Question 2**: Find the value of a parameter for which a ray is parallel to a plane.

The demo will generate and execute Plotly-based Python scripts for these questions.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
